JAVA-2847: Store Fallout scripts in-tree (#1477)
apache/cassandra-java-driver: performance/README.md

> # How to run the fallout tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to run the Fallout performance tests
```

> ## Setup Graphite

Reviewer: Out of curiosity what is the benefit of having a separate graphite server? Maybe we should add a note explaining why we do this?

Author: The benefit is that they have different lifecycles and backends (DSE servers)
But it may be possible to achieve the same thing using one `yaml` - we can investigate that in a separate ticket.

> 1. Create a new test based on the [graphite-setup.yaml](graphite-setup.yaml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new test based on the [graphite-setup.yaml](graphite-setup.yaml) template.
```

2. Modify the parameters to match the scenario.
    * Change the dse_version to match one of the versions you plan on testing against
    * Change driver_oss_branch to be whatever branch of the driver you are using
    * Driver_examples_branch should stay java-driver-4.x

> 3. Start the graphite-setup (wait for the successful setup) and get the graphite server address:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the graphite-setup test (wait for its successful setup) and get the graphite server address:
```

    * Navigate to running test, and obtain the ip from the observer node this will be used as a graphite server in the other tests. 

>     The ip is in the ctool-cluster-info.txt:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ip can be found in the `ctool-cluster-info.txt` file:
```

    ![ctool-cluster-info](ctool-cluster-info.png)

>     * Login to the graphite server the address should match the observer’s, the web interface is on port 3000. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Login to the graphite server; the address should match the observer’s, the web interface is on port 3000. 
```

Reviewer: What do we mean by "the address should match the observer’s"? This is not super clear to me.

>     The username/password is admin/admin

Reviewer: This is a bit concerning, but I don't see what else we can do? Maybe store credentials outside of the repo?

Author: `admin/admin` is a default grafana user/password when you start the dashboard. It is documented on their page.

>     The username/password is admin/admin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The username/password is Graphite's default: `admin/admin`
```

    * Dashboards will be loaded automatically.
    

## Start performance tests      

> 1. Create a new test based on the [oss-performance-setup.yaml](oss-performance-setup.yaml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new test based on the [oss-performance-setup.yaml](oss-performance-setup.yaml) template.
```

2. Change the parameters in the same manner as the first test, with the addition of the graphite_host parameter. 

> Use the IP from the first cluster’s observer mode (the previous setup step).

Reviewer: Not very clear. Also, you probably meant `node`, not `mode`?

Author: yes, `node`. changed
